fix: Use Redis ConnectionManager to reconnect on failures (#34)
stackabletech/trino-lb: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Fixed

Reviewer: I assume removing the entry for the Rust dependency bumps was intentional?

Author: Jep, as it should not be user-facing

> - Use redis [`ConnectionManager`](https://docs.rs/redis/latest/redis/aio/struct.ConnectionManager.html) to re-connect on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use redis [`ConnectionManager`](https://docs.rs/redis/latest/redis/aio/struct.ConnectionManager.html) to reconnect on
```
